Miracle in Cell 7:
Date of Production: 2019
Duration: 2hrs 7mins
Genre: Tragedy
The story unfolds in a story to a village in 1983.
An autistic father, Mehmet Koyuncu (Memo), lives with his young daughter, Ova, and his grandmother on a hillside.
But his world is turned upside down when he is falsely charged with murdering a girl who had died due to an accident.

King of Boys:
Date of Production: 2018
Duration: 2hrs, 49mins
Genre: Political thriller
King of Boys is a 2018 Nigerian crime political thriller film written, co-produced and directed by Kemi Adetiba.
The movie is focused on power tussle

Red Notice:
Date of Production: 2021
Duration: 1hr, 58 mins
Genre: Action Comedy
During the 1st century BC, Roman general Mark Antony gifts Egyptian queen Cleopatra three bejeweled eggs as a wedding gift to show his devotion. The eggs are lost in time until two are found by a farmer in 1907, but the last one remains lost.

Train to Busan
Date of Production: 2016
Duration: 1hr 58mins
Genre: Action Horror
The film mostly takes place on a high-speed train from Seoul to Busan as a zombie apocalypse suddenly breaks out in the country and threatens the safety of the passengers.

HackSaw Ridge
Date of Prodcution: 2016
Duration: 2hrs, 19mins
Genre: Historical Fiction
The film focuses on the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss, an American pacifist combat medic who, as a Seventh-day Adventist Christian, refused to carry or use a weapon or firearm of any kind.

The Woman King
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 2hrs, 14mins
Genre: Action Drama
The Woman King is a 2022 American historical epic film about the Agojie, the all-female warrior unit that protected the West African kingdom of Dahomey during the 17th to 19th centuries.

Aki and PawPaw
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 1hr, 11mins
Genre: Comedy
The hilarious Aki and Paw Paw are back. This time, they're on a mission to get fame and fortune by any means necessary.

The Ghost and the Tout
Date of Production: 2018
Duration: 1hr, 43mis
Genre: Comedy
Isla, a young woman from the ghetto, encounters a ghost called Mike who needs her assistance to communicate with the people he left behind. She soon becomes entangled in solving a murder mystery.

The System
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 1hr, 37mins
Genre: Adventure
After a drug bust, a former marine is recruited by authorities to go under cover in a notoriously dangerous prison. After discovering an underground fight ring, he must fight to stay alive and take down the corrupt system.

Encanto
Date of Production: 2021
Duration: 1hr, 49mins
Genre: Musical/Family
The Madrigals are an extraordinary family who live hidden in the mountains of Colombia in a charmed place called the Encanto. The magic of the Encanto has blessed every child in the family with a unique gift -- every child except Mirabel. However, she soon may be the Madrigals last hope when she discovers that the magic surrounding the Encanto is now in danger.

Accident Man
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 1hr, 36mins
Genre: Action/Comedy
The Accident Man, is back and this time he must best the top assassins in the world, to protect the ungrateful son of a mafia boss, save the life of his only friend and rekindle his relationship with his maniacal father figure.

Where Hands Touch
Date of Production: 2018
Duration: 2hr, 2min
Genre: War/Romance
A biracial girl faces the constant threat of getting targeted because of her colour in a Nazi-ruled Germany. Moreover, her lover is the son of a prominent SS officer.

Interstellar
Date of Production: 2014
Duration: 2hrs, 49mins
Genre: Scfi/Adventure
When Earth becomes uninhabitable in the future, a farmer and ex-NASA pilot, Joseph Cooper, is tasked to pilot a spacecraft, along with a team of researchers, to find a new planet for humans.

Squid Games
Date of Production: 2021
Duration: 8hrs, 33mins
Genre: Action/Horor
Hundreds of cash-strapped contestants accept an invitation to compete in children's games for a tempting prize, but the stakes are deadly.

Elesin Oba
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 1hr, 36mins
Genre: Tragedy
After his king dies, a horseman must sacrifice himself to serve his ruler in the afterlife -- but sudden distractions lead to unexpected tragedy

Ozark
Date of Production: 2017
Duration: Series
Genre: Crime
Created by Bill Dubuque ("The Accountant," "The Judge"), this drama series stars Jason Bateman as Marty Byrde, a financial planner who relocates his family from Chicago to a summer resort community in the Ozarks. With wife Wendy and their two kids in tow, Marty is on the move after a money-laundering scheme goes wrong, forcing him to pay off a substantial debt to a Mexican drug lord in order to keep his family safe. While the Byrdes' fate hangs in the balance, the dire circumstances force the fractured family to reconnect.

Fall
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 1hr, 47mins
Genre: Thriller
For best friends Becky and Hunter, life is all about conquering fears and pushing limits. However, after they climb 2,000 feet to the top of a remote, abandoned radio tower, they find themselves stranded with no way down. Now, their expert climbing skills are put to the ultimate test as they desperately fight to survive the elements, a lack of supplies, and vertigo-inducing heights.

Smile
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: 1hr, 55min
Genre: Horror
For best friends Becky and Hunter, life is all about conquering fears and pushing limits. However, after they climb 2,000 feet to the top of a remote, abandoned radio tower, they find themselves stranded with no way down. Now, their expert climbing skills are put to the ultimate test as they desperately fight to survive the elements, a lack of supplies, and vertigo-inducing heights.

Venom
Date of production: 2018
Duration: 1hr 45 mins
Genre: Horror
Venom is a 2018 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Marvel[5] and Tencent Pictures, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.

Blood Sisters
Date of Production: 2022
Duration: Series
Genre: Crime
Bound by a dangerous secret, friends Sarah and Kemi are forced to go on the run after a wealthy groom disappears during his engagement party.
